gh-133568: only set `HAVE_AF_HYPERV` on supported WinAPI partitions (#133569)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Windows/2025-05-07-11-25-29.gh-issue-133568.oYV0d8.rst

> only set ``HAVE_AF_HYPERV`` for WinAPI partitions that support the rpc runtime library

Reviewer: It's good to keep technical details out of the changelog and instead focus on what was actually fixed. How about this?
```suggestion
Fix compile error in :mod:`socket` when using a WinAPI partition that doesn't support the RPC runtime library.
```
